feat: add option to display verb in webhooks (#1994)
Redocly/redoc: README.md

  * **summary-only**: displays a summary in the sidebar navigation item. (**default**)
  * **path-only**: displays a path in the sidebar navigation item.
  * **id-only**: displays the operation id with a fallback to the path in the sidebar navigation item.

> * `showWebhookVerb` - show http request type method in webhook operations and sidebar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `showWebhookVerb` - when set to `true`, shows the HTTP request method for webhooks in operations and in the sidebar.
```
